c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\nunit.engine.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\nunit.engine.core.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\testcentric.engine.metadata.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.deps.json
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.pdb
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Final.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\bin\Debug\net6.0\Final.pdb
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Final.Test.dll
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.pdb
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\Final.Test.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Owner\OneDrive\Desktop\Coding\C#\Final Project\FinalProjct\Final.Test\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Final.Test.dll
